Document known accuracy limitations for ApproximateBacklogCount (#4392)
temporalio/documentation: docs/cloud/metrics/openmetrics/metrics-reference.mdx

The approximate number of tasks pending in a task queue. Started Activities are not included in the count as they have been dequeued from the task queue.

:::note Known accuracy limitations

> This metric may temporarily overcount due to cancelled Workflow Tasks that haven't yet expired, and may reset to zero if no Workers poll and no Tasks are added for approximately 5 minutes (due to partition unload).

Author: This has been reworded to address the nits and also clarified the language here that we're counting everything that hasn't been processed: valid, expired, or invalid alike. Needs to be processed in before it is removed from the count.

The approximate number of tasks pending in a task queue. Started Activities are not included in the count as they have been dequeued from the task queue.

:::note Known accuracy limitations
This metric is approximate.

> It can overcount because invalid or expired Tasks (for example, from cancelled, terminated, completed, or timed out Workflows) remain in the count until they reach the head of the queue and are processed and discarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can overcount because invalid or expired Tasks, like from cancelled, terminated, completed, or timed out Workflows, remain in the count until they reach the head of the queue and are processed and discarded.
```

> It can also reset to zero on an idle Task Queue. If no Worker polls, no new Tasks are added, and no other Task Queue calls occur (such as `DescribeTaskQueue` or `UpdateTaskQueueConfig`) for approximately 5 minutes, the Task Queue is unloaded from memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

It can also reset to zero on an idle Task Queue. If no Worker polls, no new Tasks are added, and no other Task Queue calls occur (such as `DescribeTaskQueue` or `UpdateTaskQueueConfig`) for approximately 5 minutes. The Task Queue is unloaded from memory.
```
